samples: Bluetooth: df: Add info about max ant sw pattern len Kconfig (#6952)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direction_finding_central/README.rst

If the number of switch-sample periods is greater than the number of stored switching patterns, then the radio loops back to the first pattern.

> The length of an antenna switch pattern is limited by :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The length of an antenna switch pattern is limited by the :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`.
```

Author: Done

> Maximum length of antenna switch pattern is limited by :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`.

Reviewer 2: The form "The maximum .. is limited by .." is redundant. I suggest removing "maximum":
```suggestion
The length of the antenna switch pattern is limited by :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`.
```

Author: Corrected in all README.rst

> If required length of the antenna switching pattern is greater than default value of :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN` add the Kconfig to a board configuration file.
> For example for :ref:`nRF52833 DK <ug_nrf52>` add :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`=N, where N is required antanna switch pattern length, to :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.conf`

Reviewer 2: We are missing articles in this sentence.
```suggestion
If the required length of the antenna switching pattern is greater than the default value of :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN` add the Kconfig to a board configuration file.
For example for :ref:`nRF52833 DK <ug_nrf52>` add :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`=N, where N is the required antenna switch pattern length, to :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.conf`
```

I also have an alternative formulation below that I think is simpler. (If you prefer.)

```suggestion
The value of :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN` can be set in a board configuration file.
E.g. for :ref:`nRF52833 DK <ug_nrf52>` add :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN` with the desired value to :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.conf`
```

Author: Corrected in all README.rst

> The length of an antenna switch pattern is limited by the :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`.
> If the required length of the antenna switching pattern is greater than the default value of :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`, set the :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN` with required value in a board configuration file.
> For example for :ref:`nRF52833 DK <ug_nrf52>` add :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`=N, where N is the required antenna switch pattern length, to :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.conf`.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The length of the antenna switching pattern is limited by the :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN` option.
If the required length of the antenna switching pattern is greater than the default value of :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`, set the :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN` option to the required value in the board configuration file.
For example, for the :ref:`nRF52833 DK <ug_nrf52>` add :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`=N, where N is the required antenna switching pattern length, to the :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.conf` file.

```

> For example, for the :ref:`nRF52833 DK <ug_nrf52>` add :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`=N, where N is the required antenna switching pattern length, to the :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.conf` file.

Reviewer 3: We have to introduce space before =N
Without it, the text is rendered in a wrong way it seems.
This should be adjusted in all four files :)

> For example, for the :ref:`nRF52833 DK <ug_nrf52>` add :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`=N, where N is the required antenna switching pattern length, to the :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.conf` file.

Reviewer 3: I pushed a commit for this that you can squash :)

> For example, for the :ref:`nRF52833 DK <ug_nrf52>` add :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_DF_MAX_ANT_SW_PATTERN_LEN`=N, where N is the required antenna switching pattern length, to the :file:`nrf52833dk_nrf52833.conf` file.

Author: Thank you, commit is squashed.
